~~~~~~~~~~

See it live at: https://safe-brushlands-7972.herokuapp.com/

~~~~~~~~~~

Aaron Greenspan, Hector Huertas, Joseph "JP" Perry & Steve Pentler

~~~~~~~~~~

Hire My Tribe was born to fuse "Tribes" of freelance devolopers and connect them to contractors.

After interviewing for an IT recruitment position, I was astounded that up to 40% of developers paychecks are cashed in by recruitment firms. Afterwards I developed a concept to connect freelance developers into "Tribes" to balance strengths, minimize culture conflicts, and allow independent developers to collectively work on larger projects. 

The Hire My Tribe web application features a genetic algorithm developed by Aaron Greenspan that takes in parameters such as ideal number & type of developers, price points, language preferences, and skill ratings. It then outputs the maximal combination of developers based on this criteria.

Technically, this Rails application allows distinct access privledges as either a developer, contractor, or admin. Depending on authorization, users are allowed to view, sort, edit, update, and delete developers, projects, specializations, and tags.

I plan to continue working on this project through module three integrating API's that connect developers who have associations through LinkedIn, Facebook, and other social networks.

Skills acquired: 
Rails 4.0, Shoulda Matchers Model Validations, ActiveRecord, Heroku Deployment, Agile Development, Waffle, Git Workflow, Materialize, CSS, HTML, MVC Best Practices, Stripe Payment Processing, Paperclip & AWS S3

~~~~~~~~~~

* Local Deployment
To run locally, bundle and run rake db:reset. Next, you'll need to copy and paste the following code into your terminal. This is necessary to enable a test mode for Stripe Payment processing that will not link to or charge any account: 

PUBLISHABLE_KEY=pk_test_6pRNASCoBOKtIshFeQd4XMUh SECRET_KEY=sk_test_BQokikJOvBiI2HlWgH4olfQ2 rails serve

~~~~~~~~~~
